what's up everybody Jesse bernarr here
for the power project powercom super
training TV got a question from my main
man Chris maro he is my metal mentor
always sending me great great bands and
metal stuff so in in return I always
help them out with anything that I can
mean you got a question about the dive
bomb deadlift the other day says what's
the technique of the dive bomb deadlifts
well you know the beauty of the dive
bomb deadlift is that there is no
technique but also the fatal flaw of the
dive bomb deadlift is that there's no
technique so what he's talking about is
basically standing up taking a big deep
breath as much as you can diving down to
the bar and pretty much going as some
people say just gripping it ripping it
off the floor while I can work for some
people it you usually only see it work
to about eighty to ninety percent most
people i've only seen a couple people
successfully do it and only one person
in person that was John Chester Stafford
from westside barbell pulled over 800
that way also have one of the most
gnarly hand rips I've ever seen in my
life as well from that but what you want
to be doing at the bottom is you want to
be searching for that tightness
searching for that power just gathering
all that strength up and everything
along those lines the the fatal flaw
with the dive bomb deadlift is a lot of
times you're going to end up just
grabbing and going and there's going to
be one spot that's not tight I'm going
to turn yourself into a fishing pole
something else is going to happen we're
just gonna get yourself in a such a bad
position it's never going to happen so
if you're trying to do when you're at
the bottom of the deadlift is search for
that bottom search for the power
underneath you so you can have something
to kind of launch off of and be able to
finish that lift so now it can be used
in training a certain couple of
different ways but you know am I going
to recommend that as a technique to
deadlift absolutely not I want everyone
to be a little bit you know try and be
on the safer side of things have a nice
flat back and kind of developed the
power trying to turn into a one joint
motion as much as we can so maro thank
you brother love you